docs: documentation for initial stable release of `algorand-python-testing` (#8)
algorandfoundation/algorand-python-testing: docs/index.md

        assert result == f"Hello, {random_input}"
```

The `test_hello_world()` function demonstrates key aspects of testing with `algopy-testing-python`, following the Arrange-Act-Assert pattern:

1. Arrange:

>     - Simulated Environment: Utilizes `algopy_testing_context()` to mimic the Algorand Virtual Machine. It also provides access to an array of utilities and so called `anonymous variables` which allow quick instantiation of random values of specific types where the value itself is not important, it also serves as a backbone for property based testing capabilities.

Reviewer: another use of `anonymous variables`

    - Test Data Generation: Leverages `ctx.any_string()` for creating random, typed inputs of type `algopy.String`. Note that this differs from `algopy.arc4` types, for which context manager provides separate `any_*` methods accessible via `arc4` property on context instance.
    - Contract Instantiation: Creates an instance of `HelloWorld` contract within the test context. Test context automatically instantiates a corresponding `algopy.Application` and links it with the class instance which is loaded in the python interpreter.

2. Act:

>     - Method Invocation: Calls `hello()` in a Python interpreter, enabling state inspection and debugging. When you run methods decorated with `abimethod` or `baremethod`, test context will automatically assemble a respective `appl` transaction which can be accessed via `context.get_active_transaction`, note that it will also automatically pre populate foreign references passed, as well as related method signature simulating AVM behaviour.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Method Invocation: Calls `hello()` in a Python interpreter, enabling state inspection and debugging. When you run methods decorated with `abimethod` or `baremethod`, test context will automatically assemble a respective `appl` transaction which can be accessed via `context.get_active_transaction`, note that it will also automatically pre populate foreign references passed, as include the appropriate method signature in the application args.
```
